# ChadaClock

The objective of this project was to make two clocks, one with a 12-hour format and one with a 24-hour format, with the user being able to change the time, by adding seconds, minutes, or hours. From this project, something that I did particulary well, a part that I could enhance, and the most challenging piece, to me is all the same section of code, which is the function that get the time and the functions used to manipulate it. I think I did it particularly well because I was able to create a clock that actually works, it is not static and it gets refreshed every second. The most challenging piece to write was the function that changes the time, as I was pulling the time from the system, whenever the user would change it, it would go back to being the actual time instead of the modified one, I overcome this by simulating tim. Once the user changes the time, then I called a function every one second, to pass one second, after 60 to pass a minute and so on. I also think this is the part that could be enhanced as there is probably a module in a library that can do this, without the need of simulating the pass of time, which on the long run would become unaccurate. The skills from this project thatr will be transferable to other projects or course work, are my research skills, as I had no idea how to do any of that, with a live clock and I had to look all around to find modules I could use with live clock. I used comments and proper c++ style to make the code more readable, and  used funtions to make the code more maintainable and adaptable, as this means code can be modified easily.
